>> Mike North: Let's first deal with
the task of this UI customization stuff.
So I'm gonna open up my
user preferences here, and
I think I might've actually
had some stuff here.
[SOUND] That is actually the solution,
fantastic.
So what we're gonna do here is We've got
some color customizations here where you
can see,
>> Mike North: If you go down into
this next line and just hit Ctrl+Space,
you're triggering this IntelliSense like,
give me all valid completions You know,
with the input I've given you so far.
This is why I didn't attempt to list
all of the different things that
you can customize.
It is a crazy long list of all of
these different things you can tune.
Hopefully now you can see
that you do not to build
your own extension to define a theme.
You have like a thousand numbs
that you can turn here and
get things exactly the way you want them.
So if I save this,
we should see a couple of things changed.
Well first off, this text is so
late that I can hardly see it.
>> Mike North: We'll do that,
there we go, a little more contrast.
So that's the active foreground and
then of this tab here.
You can see our peak views background
ends up being a dark red and
if we were to go to like cart store and
say
show me the definition of this peak
definition this is like a hard to see
in the projector were hopefully you
could see that video really dark red.
So all of these like this yellow
here that's badge here we can see
the background is yellow the foreground
is a very dark gray we could like.
Make it darker, turn this to white.
You typically want to have, oops,
sorry, that is the panel background.
You typically want to
have a file open here.
So that you can see the effect that
it's having on these various things.
So let's talk about the snippets.
So those are the user settings.
Let me make sure I'm
taking all the boxes here.
That should have taken care of this.
I will leave it to you to do
your syntax highlighting.
I will show you what I've got here but
that's so I've got a text mate rule
That just for operators makes them bright
red, and let's see how that looks.
So here's my equal sign
that became bright red.
We've got any other operators in here,
++, bright red there.
So it just became like,
really easy to see in You know pop out.
>> Mike North: Just be smart like about
your syntax highlighting cuz it becomes
a mess if you just tweak
it to too many directions.
So the next step disable my mini map and
the indent guides.
I've got that in place here Minimap
enabled false, indent guides false.
If I wanted to do a specific,
on a per file type customization,
I could do something like this, markdown.
>> Mike North: It would be like that,
markdown.
We could say minimap enabled is true.
And then here, I'm in a JavaScript file,
there's no mini map, but
if I went to this workspace,
now that's this thing over here, right?
Where we can sort of click around and
see everything.
So you can just use per file
type customizations like that.
>> Mike North: And
then finally let's do our code snippets.
So what we want is you're gonna
say open user snippets and
I just hit Shift Cmd+P and
typed in snip and there it is.
And you're going to have
pro language user snippet.
So here we are.
This is what I left myself to demo to you,
I'm going to update this so
that it does what we are looking for
it to do.
Sorry, we don't want JavaScript,
we want html [NOISE] Aw and
here we go, so
this is the image placeholder SnipIT.
Now what we've got here is a prefix.
So I can just type ph tab, I will get this
text here and then we'll regard these as
two different blanks to fill in or
I can just hit tab, tab, to fill them in.
So we can see how that looks.
>> Mike North: Down here I can just
type ph tab, and that's what I get.
And you see the other blank is ready for
me to tab into it, so 210 tab.
Something like that and it'll just work.
So, particularly if you are building
the same kinds of components all the time,
there are libraries you can bring that
will give you some nice snippets here.
But, we all have boilerplate code
that we keep writing over and
over again that's unique
to our specific apps.
Really easy to write these things out.
And they mesh so nicely with Emmet.
Well, I believe we can even do this.
>> Mike North: Oops all right, maybe not.
>> Mike North: Nope,
it doesn't like it Okay.
So we're not there yet.
Can't mix with the core [INAUDIBLE] stuff,
but it behaves just like emit does.
And that you can tab and
then have the slots to fill in.